Update call@gsyY3Oa3Jf0W5K_lyqBYO.md (#6718)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/javascript/content/call@gsyY3Oa3Jf0W5K_lyqBYO.md

# call()

> The `call()` method allows you to invoke a function with a given `this` value, and arguments provided individually. 
> 
> The `call()` method takes two parameters:
> 
> 1. `thisArg`: The value to be passed as the `this` parameter to the function being invoked.
> 2. `...args`: Additional arguments to pass to the function after the `this` argument.
> 
> Here's a simple example to illustrate how `call()` works:
> 
> ```javascript
> function greet(greeting) {
>   console.log(`${greeting}, ${this.name}!`);
> }
> 
> const person = {
>   name: "John Doe",
> };
> 
> // Using call to explicitly bind 'this' to the 'person' object
> greet.call(person, "Hello"); // Output: Hello, John Doe!
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `call()` method allows you to invoke a function with a given `this` value, and arguments provided individually. 

Visit the following resources to learn more:
```
